update: Add Java producer and consumer examples for Karapace (#887)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/kafka/howto/connect-with-java.md

properties.put("ssl.truststore.location", "{TRUSTSTORE_LOCATION}");
properties.put("ssl.truststore.password", "{TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD}");

// Create a producer with StringSerializer for key and value
KafkaProducer<String, String> producer = new KafkaProducer<>(properties, new StringSerializer(), new StringSerializer());
```

### With Schema Registry (Karapace)

```java
Properties properties = new Properties();

> properties.put("bootstrap.servers", "{HOST}:{SSL_PORT}");

Reviewer: Regards all the code blocks in the document: normally in the Aiven docs, ALL_CAPS itself is used for placeholders with no need for curly braces {}. Consider removing them.
```suggestion
properties.put("bootstrap.servers", "HOST:SSL_PORT");
```

### With Schema Registry (Karapace)

```java
String group_id = "groupid";

Properties properties = new Properties();
properties.put("bootstrap.servers", "{HOST}:{SSL_PORT}");
properties.put("security.protocol", "SSL");
properties.put("ssl.keystore.type", "PKCS12");
properties.put("ssl.keystore.location", "{KEYSTORE_LOCATION}");
properties.put("ssl.keystore.password", "{KEYSTORE_PASSWORD}");
properties.put("ssl.key.password", "{KEY_PASSWORD}");
properties.put("ssl.truststore.type", "JKS");
properties.put("ssl.truststore.location", "{TRUSTSTORE_LOCATION}");
properties.put("ssl.truststore.password", "{TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD}");
properties.put("group.id", group_id);

// Configure Schema Registry-specific properties
properties.put(ConsumerConfig.KEY_DESERIALIZER_CLASS_CONFIG, StringDeserializer.class.getName());
properties.put(ConsumerConfig.VALUE_DESERIALIZER_CLASS_CONFIG, KafkaAvroDeserializer.class.getName());
properties.setProperty("basic.auth.credentials.source", "USER_INFO");
properties.setProperty("schema.registry.basic.auth.user.info", "{SCHEMA_REGISTRY_USER}:{SCHEMA_REGISTRY_PASS}");
properties.put(KafkaAvroSerializerConfig.SCHEMA_REGISTRY_URL_CONFIG, "{SCHEMA_REGISTRY_URL}");

> // Create a consumer with String key and Avro value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Create a producer with StringDeserializer for key and AvroDeserializer for value
```
